excuse me I would like to purchase your
cheapest bottle of champagne ten bucks
nice we can't afford a yacht but we
can't afford cheap champagne so today we
decided to ask people we can get on
their yachts and hopefully drink our
cheap champagne on it pretty much the
reason behind this is that it's the most
baller thing you possibly do and we want
to be ballers so we don't really have
the money for it all right
yes a baller it just makes me
champagne glasses ready for no idea what
this is sport all right Oh
so we were just about to arrive at the
marina and our car broke down spilling
green chemicals on the ground our
mission to get on the yacht turn on your
hardest we thought it's a party on that
boat no that's like clearly on a silver
platter hand into it well let's get it
first before dinner I think you should
do this okay let's make your own ice
just walking up right now to the owner
of the boat it's about to ask and we're
kind of like hiding dream has always
been to drink champagne on a yacht we've
never actually been on a yacht if
there's any chance you've moved for like
five minutes too many people on board
okay so I see about six as soon as you
go - thank you so much
oh that did not work he laughed and he's
like okay it's not possible you can take
us around no way
uh-oh tough man I really people are very
protective of their boats of course they
are is this your yacht
okay it's under around or no
there's the up for sale so technically
we could just say we're interested in
buying the yacht do you mind if we just
drink a little champagne on it to test
it out that's how it is buddy redone I
have a weird question come onto your
yacht with my friends for like two
minutes
I just drink a little champagne it's
really cheap champagne yeah does I guess
we made it
alright guys say goodbye to the life joy
good luck so we just ran into a wedding
and we're gonna bring them are extra
champagne because that's what we do
yeah congratulations Josh guys